C PROGRAM ALL PROGRAM QUESTIONS

3. Write a program to display, strong number in between 1 to n
4. Write a program to display, prime number in between 1 to n
5. write a program to display first 100 prime numbers
6. write a program to display, prime number which are ending with 3 and 7
7. write a program to display twin prime numbers in between 1 to 100
8. write a program to print the binary of the given integer number

-some normal--
1. write a program to design a menu operations using switch case from the following : 1. set a bit 2. Clear a bit 3. Compliment a bit print the binary of the number before and after the menu operations.
2. write a program to swap two particular given position bits, in a given number and print the binary before and after this operations.
3. write a program mto reverse the bits of the given integer number
4. write a program to print float binary using character pointer.
5. write a program to print double binary using character pointer.

-- function --
1. write a program to reverse the given integer number using a function and return the result to the calling function.
2. write a program to pass a number to a function to print the number of Fibonacci series.
3. write a program to find the factorial of the given integer number using a function and returns from calling function.

--arrays--
1.No.of positive and negative numbers in the array element.
2.No.of odd/even numbers in the array element
3.Copy one array elements into another array element
4.No.of prime numbers in the array
5.reverse the array elements
6.write a program to check the palindrome or not using array concept.
7.write a program that how many number of time each array element is present in a given array.
8. write a program to delete the array element based on array index value.
9.write a program to insert an element into an based array index.

--strings--
1.reverse the string 
2.reverse the string character by character
3.remove non-alpha from string
4. write a program using strcpy user-defined function
5. copy 2 strings merge into third array
6.write a program to remove all spaces in the given string
7.write a program to remove consecutive spaces in the given string
8.write a program to remove special character and digit in the given string line
9.write a program to copy a string from source character array to destination character array using strcpy function and without strcpy function.
10.Write a program to count the given character in a given string, how many number of time it is present.
11.using strcat function write a example program.
12.using strchr function write a program.
13.using strcmp function write a program.
14.using strstr function write a program.
15.write a program to rearrange all the words in reverse in a given string line.
16.write a program to reverse every word in the same  place in a given string line
17.write a program to sort the words which is less than 6 bytes in a given string line in the same place
18.write a program to check that how many times each character is present in the given string line.
19.write a program to merge 2 strings characters into 3rd array.

--recursion--
1.write a program to print the factorial value of the given integer using recursion function.
2.write a program to perform sum of digits of the given integer number using recursion function. pass the value main to recursion function.
3.write a program to reversing the function given integer number using recursion function.
4.write a program to reversing the string using recursion function.

--3d array and pointer concepts--
1.write a program to perform matrix addition between two matrices stored it is result into 3rd array.
2.write a program to perform matrix multiplication between two matrices stored it is result into 3rd array.
3.write a program to pass 2D array to a function
4.write a program to implement the basic calculator using function pointer.

--command line arguments--
1.write a program to implement atoi function or atof function.
2.implementation of basic calculator using command line arguments.

--structure, union--
1.write a program to design the functions scan and  printf to scan and print the struct variable data.
2.write a program to check the machine follows little endian method or big endian method using union.
3. write a program to print double binary using union.
4.write a program to sort 5 students records on the basis of roll number, name, marks.

--data structures--
1.Single linked list - Add_begin, Add_end, Add_middle.
2.print the nodes in reverse.
3.write a program to delete a particular node.
4.write a program to delete all nodes.
5.double linked list - add_begin, add_end, add_middle.
6.reverse the data in double linked list 
7. reverse the link in double linked list.
8.same for circular linked list

--files--
1.write a program to test the file is exist or not?
2.write a program to implement cp using file concept
3.write a program to find number of lines and number of character in the file. 
4.write a program to find file size, big line, big line length in the file.
5.write a program to read a file more than one time
6.write a program to implement mv command using files concept.
7.write a program to copy one source file to multiple destination file 
8.write a program to count the number of words in a file using fscanf function?
9.write a program to replace one character with another character in a FILE.
10.write a program to replace each word first letter with capital letter.
11.using fseek function one example program.
12.in file concept write one program using grep.